This directory contains examples of how to use Astro::Coord::ECI and
its subclasses. The following examples are provided:

almanac
    This Perl script produces an almanac of Sun and Moon positions for
    the current day, or optionally for the next day. By default the
    almanac is for 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue Washington DC, but this can
    be changed by setting environment variable ALMANAC_POSITION, or
    specifying latitude north (degrees), longitude east (degrees),
    and height (meters) on the command. The option -help gets you
    brief help.

closest
    This Perl script takes as input a time (suitable for Date::Manip), a
    right ascension and declination (both in degrees) and a list of the
    names of files containing TLE data. The output is the OID, right
    ascension, declination, and angular separation (in degrees) of the
    bodies closest to the given position as seen from Parliament House
    in Australia.

iridium
    This Perl script uses Astro::SpaceTrack (not included) to download
    Iridium data from http://celestrak.com/ and predict flares for the
    next two days at the given location, which is hard-coded as Los
    Pinos, Ciudad Mexico, Mexico. It takes about 30 seconds on a
    lightly-loaded 800 MHz PowerPC G4.

iss
    This Perl script uses Astro::SpaceTrack (not included) to download
    orbital data from http://spaceflight.nasa.gov/realdata/elements/ and
    predict visibility for the next week from the given location, which
    is hard-coded as 80 Wellington Street Ottawa Ontario Canada.

positions
    This Perl script takes on its command line the names of files
    containing TLE data. All are read, and the elevation, azimuth and
    range of all satellites is displayed at one minute intervals for the
    current GMT day. Output is supressed when the satellite is below the
    horizon. The position is hard-wired to Parliament House, Australia.

sh_script
    This shell script executes the satpass Perl script (which comes with
    this distribution) passing it commands from a 'here document.' These
    commands download International Space Station data from
    http://spaceflight.nasa.gov/realdata/elements/ and predict
    visibility at the current time from 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue,
    Washington DC, USA.

tle_period.t
    This is not really a test, since I have no canonical data to test
    against. It is really a demonstration of the effect the model chosen
    and geophysical constants used have on the calculation of period. It
    expects to be run from the main distribution directory  as (e.g.)
    perl -Mblib eg/tle_period.t
    and it expects to find the orbital elements file sgp4-ver.tle in the
    t directory. The sgp4-ver.tle file is not distributed by me, since I
    am not authorized to redistribute TLEs. The file is available in
    http://celestrak.com/publications/AIAA/2006-6753/AIAA-2006-6753.zip
